# Board Minutes Table of Contents

[[Board Minutes 2021 Sep 7]]
[[Board Minutes 2021 Aug 24]]
[[Board Minutes 2021 Aug 10]]
[[Board Minutes 2021 Jul 27]]
[[Board Minutes 2021 Jul 13]]

  

## 

---

## Meeting 6/29/21

### Attendees

Zoe, Red, Lisa, Jiaqi, Mimi, and Nicole.      Not in attendance: Kara busy with moving

### Agenda

#### Check In: (5 mins -- end at 5:05/7:05/8:05pm)

-   How’s everyone doing? Any personal updates? <3
    

-   Red will be OOO between 7/5-7/15
    
-   End of July, Nicole will be OOO
    

#### Review last meeting’s todos & discuss new items: (25 mins -- end at 5:30/7:30/8:30pm)

-     
    

  

### Discussion

-   [Lisa] Multi-chapter events - needs a person to run. 
    

-   Jessica S runs in name only, she didn’t come to the last 2 organizer meetings & had nothing to do with the event(s). 
    
-   Make responsibilities clear for facilitator vs other organizers,
    

-   Needs someone prodding people to make sure the  event goes up on all chapters’ meetup pages, is publicized, reviewing slides, ensuring events are put together & run well. 
    
-   They don’t need to do all the above themself, but they need to make sure it happens.
    
-   I have been doing (some of)  this but it's awkward as i have no clear role
    
-   It's possible that if we make it clear to Jessica S what we need from her that she could be this person
    

-   I would rather not be this person as I’ve done it for years for NYC - I’d rather take on board responsibilities :) Happy to explain to someone else. 
    
-   Lisa will write up responsibilities & post in board leadership first.
    
-   We will post them in slack & @ jessica S to see if she wants to take it on
    

-   Event Co-ordinator!
    

-   [Mimi] What are our next steps for the goals we announced in the board transition message?
    

-   Complete financial and legal transition to the new board.
    

-   Zoe is super blocked on the financial transition
    

-   Plan and execute new policies for transparency.
    
-   Support chapter organizers with virtual event planning.
    

-   [Mimi] What’s our general plan for gather.town and paying Kate Pond when she needs to increase the number of attendees allowed?
    

### Decisions

-   Re: transparent board meetings
    

-   Maybe start with closed meeting and publish notes in Slack
    
-   Every month have a town hall where WSC attendees can ask questions about the notes and decisions the board made
    

-   To think about: start a blog to document our meetings, decisions, values, etc
    

-   Have a rotating writer so people can get a feel for each board member’s personality and to share responsibility
    

-   To discuss more: a Write/Speak/Code magazine for articles that are written/created from WSC events
    
-   To think about: a call out for people who want to be mentors and//or be mentees
    
-     
    

### Next Steps

-   Lisa will draft responsibilities for Event Coordinator and post in Board channel for review and then post in in Chapter Organizers and Meetup Event Planning channels
    
-   Once Kara has settled after her move, Zoe will reach out about the 2fa for all financial accounts
    
-   Nicole will check if she’s an admin and might be able to unblock Zoe to access more financial accts
    

  

## 

---

## Meeting 6/15/21

### Attendees

Jiaqi, Kara, Mimi, Lisa, and Zoe

### Agenda

#### Check In: (5 mins -- end at 5:05/7:05/8:05pm)

-   How’s everyone doing? Any personal updates? <3
    

#### Review last meeting’s todos & discuss new items: (25 mins -- end at 5:30/7:30/8:30pm)

-    [https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_lOuTeFI=/](https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_lOuTeFI=/) REVIEWING THIS!
    

-   We reviewed 3 and 5 year columns, affinity mapped, then created summaries:
    

1 Year

Summary: Clarity, Stability & Direction

-   things are organized, documented and accessible for board and chapter organizers
    
-   We have a plan for our future goals, and we have ways to communicate that for folks to help with that
    
-   We have basic structure to run the year, to ramp up for our mid & long term goals
    

3 Year

Summary: We’ve created enough procedure, internal docs, and other structures to not only sustain, but grow chapters and the conference.

-   Chapters are stable with 3+ organizers and structure to events
    
-   Conferences are stable with structure to support leadership, volunteers, sponsors, etc. Concrete programming.
    
-   Org as a whole is steadily growing and getting better at chapter events and conf.
    

5 Year

Summary:

-   We are a global brand
    
-   We have secure finances
    
-   We have sustainable leadership
    
-   We have a sustainable conference
    
-   Our chapters are growing & thriving
    

  

-     
    

### Discussion

-   Kara - Add more context to the announcement to the public (LinkedIn, Twitter, etc)
    

-   Kara will add more details to the doc by next Weds 6/23.
    

-   Should we keep doing a conference? Let's discuss the pros & cons & be intentional about our decision.
    

### Decisions

  

### Next Steps

-   Mimi will post the announcement to Chapter org, Leadership channel, planning channel (AFTER adding the copy to the board-leadership Slack to get approval from all directors.)
    

-   We haven’t made an official announcement, but it’s not a secret. We’ll have the official announcement out soon.
    

-   Kara will add more context to the public facing announcement.
    

  
  
  

---

  

## Meeting 6/1/21(postponed to 6/8/21)

### Attendees

Jiaqi, Nicole, Red, Kara, Mimi, Lisa, and Zoe

### Agenda

#### Check In: (5 mins -- end at 5:05/7:05/8:05pm)

-   How’s everyone doing? Any personal updates? <3
    

#### Review last meeting’s todos & discuss new items: (25 mins -- end at 5:30/7:30/8:30pm)

-   Goals brainstorm (25 minutes) [https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_lOuTeFI=/](https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_lOuTeFI=/)
    

-   Started brainstorm. Will continue in the next meeting in one week.
    

#### For next meeting:

-   Continue going through miro board brainstorm.
    

### Discussion

-   Maybe have in-person events by September
    

-   Considerations:
    

-   Covid protocols
    
-   Getting sponsors/hosts
    
-   Hybrid focus
    

-   Come up with a twitter / social media / slack strategy
    

-   Recruiting more people
    

-   Find people in WWC & other groups
    

-   Good experience for them
    
-   Helps us get on our feet
    
-   Delegate, delegate, delegate
    

-   Falls into creating the right roles
    

### Decisions

  

### Next Steps

-     
    

  

---

## Meeting 5/18/21

### Attendees

Kara, Mimi, Lisa, Zoe, Nicole, Red, and Jiaqi

### Agenda

#### Check In: (10 mins -- end at 5:10/7:10/8:10pm)

-   How’s everyone doing? Any personal updates? <3
    

-   Red getting married 
    

-   May 21 - May 30
    

-   Mimi on vacay
    

-   May 24 - June 2
    

-   Kara busy with family
    

-   May 21 - May 26
    

-     
    

#### Review last meeting’s todos & discuss new items: (20 mins -- end at 5:30/7:30/8:30pm)

-   Plan & publish communication for remaining channels
    

-   New comms doc
    

-   Action items in “Decisions”. Will aim to have the doc done June 7th.
    

-   Resignation message from old board
    

-   do we have new information about this?
    

-   Old board is fine with us putting out communications without them.
    

-   Finalize a plan for transferring the bank acct
    

-   Options
    

-   Marie and Zoe meet in NY
    
-   Zoe comes to SF
    

-   No new movement or communication about the bank acct
    

-   Do more thinking and decision making around roles
    

-   Discuss and assign responsibilities to board members. For example, a communications officer type of role.
    

-   Define what needs we have:
    

-   Sponsor relations -- someone who goes out and gets sponsors. Separate from Treasurer.
    
-   Event planning. Right now Jessica Simon. Mostly someone who steps up when the other organizers aren’t available. More to support the organizers, not take events from the organizers.
    
-   Content and curriculum. Someone to create the event content and curriculum. Makes sure it ties into the vision of what we do. Write/Speak/Code/Growth. Also, Own Your Expertise. Also, sponsor content. Need to train people to run the curriculum. 
    
-   Someone to handle communicating to wider audience. Includes social media and other communication. Audience includes:
    

-   WSC organizers
    
-   WSC attendees
    
-   General Public
    

-   Community building/engagement
    
-   Conference organizing
    
-   Tech/infra/website 
    
-   People admin, onboarding & offboarding
    

-   WSC “fiscal” year
    

-   Taxes due in April
    
-   We don’t have a fixed calendar for getting or spending money
    

-   Are we doing a conference this year? No. 
    

-   It takes about 1 year to plan a conf
    
-   Need to start discussion if we want a conf next year
    
-   Sponsorship and venues are the first steps
    

  

#### For next meeting:

-   Goals brainstorm (25 minutes)
    

### Decisions

-     
    

### Next Steps

-   Mimi will finish draft for transition of the board. Due June 7th. 
    
-   Mimi: Still need to have 1:1 with Kara about draft
    

## 

---

## Meeting 5/4/21

### Attendees

Kara, Zoe, Lisa, Red, Jiaqi, and Mimi.      Out: Nicole

### Agenda

#### Check In: (10 mins -- end at 5:10/7:10/8:10pm)

-   How’s everyone doing? Any personal updates? <3
    

#### Review last meeting’s todos & discuss new items: (20 mins -- end at 5:30/7:30/8:30pm)

-   Plan & publish communication for remaining channels
    

-   Have communication ready to go so we’ll send out the comms after legal and values are finalized
    
-   Q: any legal docs on the old board stepping down/resigning
    

-   If we have 10 ppl on the board we’re breaking the by-laws
    
-   Do we need the resignation doc to legally show we have only 7 ppl on the board?
    

-   Kara checking in about this
    
-   Mimi: add values to communication file
    

-   Sponsorship
    

-   We got a sponsorship from Medidata! This is for 2 meetup events
    
-   How do we do that? They didn’t say they had to be New York focused.
    
-   Zoe suggests we move away from a Google doc/form invoices and to use Xero our accounting app
    

-   Zoe doesn’t have complete 2 factor authentication for Xero
    
-   We need to get the 2 factor for Zoe
    
-   Kara can login as Marie. Will look into creating acct for Zoe.
    

-   Will also need an account for Scrubbd (our accountants)
    

  

#### For next meeting:

-   Finalize a plan for transferring the bank acct
    

-   Options
    

-   Marie and Zoe meet in NY
    
-   Zoe comes to SF
    

-   Do more thinking and decision making around roles
    

-   Discuss and assign responsibilities to board members. For example, a communications officer type of role.
    

-   Define what needs we have:
    

-   Sponsor relations -- someone who goes out and gets sponsors. Separate from Treasurer.
    
-   Event planning. Right now Jessica Simon. Mostly someone who steps up when the other organizers aren’t available. More to support the organizers, not take events from the organizers.
    
-   Content and curriculum. Someone to create the event content and curriculum. Makes sure it ties into the vision of what we do. Write/Speak/Code/Growth. Also, Own Your Expertise. Also, sponsor content. Need to train people to run the curriculum. 
    
-   Someone to handle communicating to wider audience. Includes social media and other communication. Audience includes:
    

-   WSC organizers
    
-   WSC attendees
    
-   General Public
    

### Decisions

-     
    

### Next Steps

-   Mimi: add values to the transition comms doc
    
-   Kara: checking in with old board about their resignation messaging and if they need a legal doc stating their resignation
    
-   Mimi: check in with Kara about a 1:1 to go over the transition comms doc
    

## 

---

## Meeting 4/20/21

### Attendees

Kara, Zoe, Mimi, Jiaqi, and Red.   Out: Lisa, Nicole

### Agenda

#### Check In: (10 mins -- end at 5:10/7:10/8:10pm)

-   How’s everyone doing? Any personal updates? <3
    

#### Review Last Week’s ToDos: (20 mins -- end at 5:30/7:30/8:30pm)

-   Get final edits from all board members for Board Values
    

-   [https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_lOuTeFI=/](https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_lOuTeFI=/)
    
-   Red sent out Doodle for a 15 min meeting to finalize the values
    

-   Discuss and assign responsibilities to board members. For example, a communications officer type of role.
    

-   Define what needs we have:
    

-   Sponsor relations -- someone who goes out and gets sponsors. Separate from Treasurer.
    
-   Event planning. Right now Jessica Simon. Mostly someone who steps up when the other organizers aren’t available. More to support the organizers, not take events from the organizers.
    
-   Content and curriculum. Someone to create the event content and curriculum. Makes sure it ties into the vision of what we do. Write/Speak/Code/Growth. Also, Own Your Expertise. Also, sponsor content. Need to train people to run the curriculum. 
    
-   Someone to handle communicating to wider audience. Includes social media and other communication. Audience includes:
    

-   WSC organizers
    
-   WSC attendees
    
-   General Public
    

-     
    

-   Legal Messages Updates
    

-   Lawyers have sent messages on Cleo
    

-   Sponsorship Updates
    

-   Zoe and Kara will discuss how to invoice sponsors.
    

-   https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/19_BGqXpZgt_v5XyQA_5n5-3n3oSwDi0jSvIPgPaZkSY/edit#gid=0 
    
-   https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_nNR9OPU6xp7HlSX9O-OnSaw4KDcXElnjzI3mD77X7Q/edit 
    
-   https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/19_BGqXpZgt_v5XyQA_5n5-3n3oSwDi0jSvIPgPaZkSY/edit#gid=0 
    

-   Zoe will update the invoicing template.
    

-   Event Updates Apr 29th! Spring into the new YOU!
    
-     
    

  

#### For next meeting:

-   Plan & publish communication for remaining channels
    

-   Have communication ready to go so we’ll send out the comms after legal and values are finalized
    

-     
    

### Decisions

-     
    

### Next Steps

-   Red will send another Doodle to find time to finalize our values
    

## 

---

## Meeting 4/6/21

### Attendees

Kara, Nicole, Zoe, Mimi, Red, and Lisa

### Agenda

#### Check In: (10 mins -- end at 5:10/7:10/8:10pm)

-   How’s everyone doing? Any personal updates? <3
    

#### Review Last Week’s ToDos: (20 mins -- end at 5:30/7:30/8:30pm)

-   Have some clarity around how we want to [communicate the transition](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Jip33Czn2sb-XkkI5zasDokU51QCf9gAvL2LBJunqIw/edit?usp=sharing) to our chapter organizers and at least updating them about what we’re doing. By end of the week (Monday 3/15) ❗️
    

-   Will discuss with Marie about timeline. See notes under Decisions section.
    

-   Get final edits from all board members for:
    

-   Board Values
    

-   [https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_lOuTeFI=/](https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_lOuTeFI=/)
    
-   Red will send out Doodle for a 15 min meeting to finalize the values
    

-   Announcements of Transition
    

-   Old board wants to wait until after legal transition is complete.
    

-   Publish transition communication for organizers
    

-   Kara will ping Marie about old board contribution to confirm the message doesn't need input
    

-   Communication channel setup (Google Suite, Slack, Zoom, etc)
    

-   Kara has created emails for everyone
    

-   Need someone (not on the board) engaging people with events running
    

-   Jessica Simon is moving on this :tada:
    

-   Who can answer sponsors@ & tell medidata how to give us money? Also VTS would like to give us money & has sent me a link to tell them about our accounts but I do not know how to answer
    

-   Waiting to talk to Marie -- tomorrow during lawyer meeting.
    

-   :check: Lawyer meets with officers tomorrow at 8am PST/10am Central/11am Eastern
    

#### For next meeting:

-   Discuss and assign responsibilities to board members. For example, a communications officer type of role.
    
-   Plan & publish communication for remaining channels
    
-     
    

### Decisions

-   Ask Marie to create a message for chapter organizers so they’ll know we’re in transition, but not shutting down. This doesn’t have to be a formal announcement. More to have transparency with the chapter organizers.
    

### Next Steps

-   Mimi will draft a short 2-3 sentence message and put it in the Annoucements of Transition and let the Slack channel know and then we’ll discuss with Marie tomorrow during lawyer meeting.
    
-   Red will send out a Doodle for a 15 minute meeting to finalize the Board Values.
    
-   Officers will ask Marie these questions tomorrow during lawyer meeting:
    

-   Can we compromise on messaging and send a short message to chapter organizers saying the transition is still happening and thanks them for their patience?
    
-   Can we assign someone to start responding to sponsor@ inbox? What’s the best path for a sponsor to give WSC money right now?
    

-     
    

## 

---

## Meeting 3/23/21

### Attendees

Red, Mimi, Zoe, Lisa, Jiaqi, Kara, and Nicole

### Agenda

#### Check In: (7-710)

#### Review Last Week’s ToDos: (710-720)

-   Discuss about the transition timeline (specifically about the Lawyer step) and get back to the old board by the end of week.  (Monday 3/15) ✅
    
-   Plan a time for group building (1.5 hrs) -- Zoe’s suggestion ✅
    
-   Read [Turning Towards Each Other: A Conflict Workbook](https://96cd8e90-7f87-4399-af6b-c7156e91189a.filesusr.com/ugd/05f4b7_cec53ab03dcd4f32b1fecaf66ede2d80.pdf) and do the questions ✅
    
-   Have some clarity around how we want to [communicate the transition](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Jip33Czn2sb-XkkI5zasDokU51QCf9gAvL2LBJunqIw/edit?usp=sharing) to our chapter organizers and at least updating them about what we’re doing. By end of the week (Monday 3/15) ❗️
    

#### Discuss new business: (720-730)

-   Communication channel setup (Google Suite, Slack, Zoom, etc)
    
-   Need someone (not on the board) engaging people with events running
    
-   [for next meeting] Discuss and assign responsibilities to board members. For example, a communications officer type of role.
    

#### Values Discussion Continued: (730-8)

### Decisions

-     
    

### Next Steps

-   Get final edits from Jiaqi ✅ and zoe (red, kara, nicole are :thumbsup:)
    
-   Kara will ping Marie about old board contribution to confirm the message doesn't need input
    
-   Publish transition communication for organizers
    
-   Plan & publish communication for remaining channels
    
-   Add a thank you to organizers in the transition message. Communicates appreciation for their work during COVID, their patience with the transition of board members, etc
    
-   Mimi will take lead on the transitioning messaging. Let’s have this done or mostly done by the next meeting. April 6th. Decide who will post the message.
    

  

---

  

## Meeting 3/9/21

### Attendees

Zoe, Mimi, Marie, Jiaqi, Red, Lisa, Kara, Nicole

### Agenda

-   Q/A about transition from old to new board (10 mins)
    

-   - Old Board expectations
    

-   Is there a timeline for the board to transition? 
    

-   We set the original timeline for feb to get folks to reach out to us, and now that we’re here, we are going to start with the next steps (i.e. lawyer, bank, google accounts, relationship transitioning) 
    
-   We (current board) will close out 2020 taxes, will loop in future board to be privy to the process
    
-   Overall timeline may be 3-6 months (allow buffer for communication/etc)
    

-   How/when will we communicate this transition decision to the chapter organizers (aka internal) and the community (aka external)
    

-   Will check in with Old board about their opinions about the communication, Will be owned by New board
    

-   According to bylaws, old president has voting rights, what is your stance on that position
    

-   happy to decline the voting seat if it helps the current board, we have the freedom to do what we want.
    

-   - Jessica’s W/S/C Administrative Status
    

-   What happened with Jessica’s employment?
    

-   Jessica had a short term contract (12 weeks, 20hrs a week) to do administrative work. 
    
-   Contract ended up getting extended because there was still administrative work to do like accounting.
    
-   Volume of work has since decreased. 
    
-   Nov/Dec Old board made decision to step back and Jessica offered to find volunteers for a new board
    
-   Old board wanted to transition new board in with the opportunity to choose what kind of paid staff they wanted. Old board communicated to Jessica that they wanted to finish the original work described. 
    

-   New shift in understanding of what it means to be a part of the new board now that Jessica is not taking care of the administrative work. How does everyone else feel about that?
    

-   What tools do we have to go forward with the administrative tasks that Jessica took care of?
    

-   We’ll create email accounts and internal docs
    
-   We’ll make introductions to people like the lawyer and accountant
    
-   We pay for services to help manage WSC
    

-   Marie wants to know what timeline are we expecting for transitioning and communicating with the lawyer.
    

-   The new board will take time to think and chat on Slack and get back to the old board
    

-   - Address healing and past experience emotions
    

-   Open discussion (20 mins)
    

-   - It’s been a few weeks. What are your new feelings about moving WSC forward by being part of this board?
    
-   - What narratives do you want to discuss to help bring closure to past experiences with the previous board?
    

  

Other Notes

-   Marie will occasionally come to meetings to answer questions, etc
    
-     
    

  

TODO

-   Discuss about the transition timeline (specifically about the Lawyer step) and get back to the old board by the end of week.  (Monday 3/15) 
    
-   Plan a time for group building (1.5 hrs) -- Zoe’s suggestion
    
-   Read [Turning Towards Each Other: A Conflict Workbook](https://96cd8e90-7f87-4399-af6b-c7156e91189a.filesusr.com/ugd/05f4b7_cec53ab03dcd4f32b1fecaf66ede2d80.pdf) and do the questions
    
-   Have some clarity around how we want to communicate the transition to our chapter organizers and at least updating them about what we’re doing. By end of the week (Monday 3/15) 
    

### Decisions

  

### Next Steps

-   Schedule a team values workshop (1 hour) in the next few weeks -- Zoe proposal (2nd and 3rd -- team all in)
    
-     
    

## 

---

## Meeting 2/23/21

### Attendees

Nicole, Kara, Lisa, Red, Jiaqi, Zoe, Mimi

  

### Agenda

-   Recap (one on one’s with previous board)
    

-   Nicole: lots of emphasis on the legality and responsibility of the roles, touched on vision for future of WSC, how to handle conflict, time management for the roles, how to support the chapters, advantages of collaborating across chapters, leadership style, operations of a nonprofit, how to hold each other accountable, might need a CRM? Continue serving this community/demographic, find more ways to be sustainable
    
-   Zoe: how to manage volunteers, fiscal planning, sponsorship, growing the org, talked with Marie about financial situation, obligations, liability insurance, insurance is paid, lawyer and accountant is paid, need to pay for webhosting, slack, most of the $$ comes from conf sponsorship, corporate training events bring in revenue too, synergy with training and conf sponsorship, want to hire someone to apply for grants, one Chase credit card, Capital One card has been closed, nobody is invoiced for conf until after the conf takes place, treasurer needs to chase down creditors, Zoe will delegate sponsor wrangling, lots of management and volunteer management discussion, 
    
-   Kara: not much to add, conversation went well, asked former board what would help them feel more at ease with transitioning the board, consider ppl who are in their mid-careers and how they’re the busiest at that time, the president will shoulder a lot of responsibility, this is an important step for the org to take a step forward, will hold the former board accountable to the March 1st date for transition of board responsibilities, 
    
-   Mimi: they wanted to make sure we knew what we were signing up for, there was a need to communicate the struggle, and i made sure to communicate that we honor their work, they noted that this was the first time most of the board will be chapter organizers, also was very emotional, they discussed breakdown of friendships as a part of being in these roles. 
    

-   Reimburse Kate Pond for gather.town
    

-   YES
    
-   Need to communicate to Kate that reimbursement will happen 
    
-   Nicole will talk to Jessica and Marie and Kate
    
-   Maybe send in a receipt via PayPal instead?
    

-   Sponsorship
    

-   Do we want sponsors for these events? - they would talk about the company at the beginning and give contact details for a recruiter
    
-   Lisa knows two sponsors interested (medidata & vts)
    
-   They want to know our future plans for next events :) 
    
-   Zoe went to a successful virtual conf and we can possibly have a similar event
    

-   Pre-recorded talks are great and allow speakers to interact with attendees during the event
    
-   Maybe start brainstorming what fully remote events would look like, feel like, _smell_ like
    
-   We can mail swag to help enhance the experience
    
-   Maybe start strategy meetings specifically for events. Most likely only remote events before August
    
-   We can run commercials. Promo spots. SUPER BOWL AD
    

-   Communicate to sponsors that we will be doing future events, virtual events, but no specifics yet. Happy to continue the discussion.
    
-   Kara thinks no less than four events this year. One for each theme. Gather.town is basically a growth event. Maybe a quarterly event. Next event maybe in April?
    
-   Start involving chapter organizers around this planning too
    
-   Mimi will create templates for board meetings and for events meetings, etc. Will post templates in Slack.
    

  

### Decisions

  

### Next Steps

-   Have a retro for the gather.town Feb event to help decide if we want to have another event and how to improve
    
-     
    

  

## 

---

## Meeting 2/9/21

### Attendees 

Mimi, Kara, Lisa, Zoe, Jessica, Jiaqi, Nicole, Red

### Agenda

How meetings are going to go

-   Should know what we are voting on before the meeting 
    
-   Decide what goes into minutes and create a template
    
-   Easy decisions: Slack | More difficult decisions: Meeting
    
-   Simple poll: Grab decisions
    

-   Bylaws: Any decision made in Slack needs to be screenshotted
    

-   agenda with how long we want to talk about a thing, keep things concise
    
-   Structure for what things we want to decide on
    

-   Slack thread per voting item (talk about it here before we make decision)
    
-   Then formal verbal discussion before vote
    

-   5 min pro / 5 min con discussions
    

-   Have separate meeting if topic needs more time
    

-   Delegate more
    
-   Keep meetings to 30 minutes if possible
    
-   Develop calendar & topics to focus on throughout the year
    

-   Topics: assign a lead on each
    

-   Ex. revenue: find different opportunities for revenue
    

-   Topics could justifies committees or employees
    

-   Have two roles that rotate throughout meetings: moderator and note taker
    

  

When should officers/directors/Jessica be available

-   Slack - check in on Mondays & Thursdays
    

-   Come in and read threads: put your thoughts down
    

  

How does the board communicate what it’s up to & receive feedback

-   Come back to topic 
    
-   Next meeting we have: create a moderated meeting and invite chapter organizers
    

-   Do one moderated meeting before inviting chapter organizers
    
-   Don’t open it up until we are the official board
    

-   Post decisions (and votes) to larger community: Topics we discussed, decisions made
    

  

When do we meet

-   Every other Tuesday @ 8EST/7CST/6MDT/5PST
    

  

### Decisions

-   We’re meeting Every other Tuesday @ 8EST/7CST/6MDT/5PST no longer than 30 minutes
    
-   We will check-in on Mondays and Thursdays over slack to catch up on any discussions that need thoughts
    

### Next Steps

Other topics of discussion

-   A lot of thing to talk about: need to prioritize 
    

-   Topics
    
-   Mechanism to ..?
    

  
**