# Meeting 2/23/21

### Attendees

Nicole, Kara, Lisa, Red, Jiaqi, Zoe, Mimi


### Agenda

-   Recap (one on one’s with previous board)
    

-   Nicole: lots of emphasis on the legality and responsibility of the roles, touched on vision for future of WSC, how to handle conflict, time management for the roles, how to support the chapters, advantages of collaborating across chapters, leadership style, operations of a nonprofit, how to hold each other accountable, might need a CRM? Continue serving this community/demographic, find more ways to be sustainable
    
-   Zoe: how to manage volunteers, fiscal planning, sponsorship, growing the org, talked with Marie about financial situation, obligations, liability insurance, insurance is paid, lawyer and accountant is paid, need to pay for webhosting, slack, most of the $ comes from conf sponsorship, corporate training events bring in revenue too, synergy with training and conf sponsorship, want to hire someone to apply for grants, one Chase credit card, Capital One card has been closed, nobody is invoiced for conf until after the conf takes place, treasurer needs to chase down creditors, Zoe will delegate sponsor wrangling, lots of management and volunteer management discussion, 
    
-   Kara: not much to add, conversation went well, asked former board what would help them feel more at ease with transitioning the board, consider ppl who are in their mid-careers and how they’re the busiest at that time, the president will shoulder a lot of responsibility, this is an important step for the org to take a step forward, will hold the former board accountable to the March 1st date for transition of board responsibilities, 
    
-   Mimi: they wanted to make sure we knew what we were signing up for, there was a need to communicate the struggle, and i made sure to communicate that we honor their work, they noted that this was the first time most of the board will be chapter organizers, also was very emotional, they discussed breakdown of friendships as a part of being in these roles. 
    

-   Reimburse Kate Pond for gather.town
    

-   YES
    
-   Need to communicate to Kate that reimbursement will happen 
    
-   Nicole will talk to Jessica and Marie and Kate
    
-   Maybe send in a receipt via PayPal instead?
    

-   Sponsorship
    

-   Do we want sponsors for these events? - they would talk about the company at the beginning and give contact details for a recruiter
    
-   Lisa knows two sponsors interested (medidata & vts)
    
-   They want to know our future plans for next events :) 
    
-   Zoe went to a successful virtual conf and we can possibly have a similar event
    

-   Pre-recorded talks are great and allow speakers to interact with attendees during the event
    
-   Maybe start brainstorming what fully remote events would look like, feel like, _smell_ like
    
-   We can mail swag to help enhance the experience
    
-   Maybe start strategy meetings specifically for events. Most likely only remote events before August
    
-   We can run commercials. Promo spots. SUPER BOWL AD
    

-   Communicate to sponsors that we will be doing future events, virtual events, but no specifics yet. Happy to continue the discussion.
    
-   Kara thinks no less than four events this year. One for each theme. Gather.town is basically a growth event. Maybe a quarterly event. Next event maybe in April?
    
-   Start involving chapter organizers around this planning too
    
-   Mimi will create templates for board meetings and for events meetings, etc. Will post templates in Slack.
    

  

### Decisions

  

### Next Steps

-   Have a retro for the gather.town Feb event to help decide if we want to have another event and how to improve
    
-     
    

  

## 

---
