# Meeting 6/29/21

### Attendees

Zoe, Red, Lisa, Jiaqi, Mimi, and Nicole.      Not in attendance: Kara busy with moving

### Agenda

#### Check In: (5 mins -- end at 5:05/7:05/8:05pm)

-   How’s everyone doing? Any personal updates? <3
    

-   Red will be OOO between 7/5-7/15
    
-   End of July, Nicole will be OOO
    

#### Review last meeting’s todos & discuss new items: (25 mins -- end at 5:30/7:30/8:30pm)

-     
    

  

### Discussion

-   [Lisa] Multi-chapter events - needs a person to run. 
    

-   Jessica S runs in name only, she didn’t come to the last 2 organizer meetings & had nothing to do with the event(s). 
    
-   Make responsibilities clear for facilitator vs other organizers,
    

-   Needs someone prodding people to make sure the  event goes up on all chapters’ meetup pages, is publicized, reviewing slides, ensuring events are put together & run well. 
    
-   They don’t need to do all the above themself, but they need to make sure it happens.
    
-   I have been doing (some of)  this but it's awkward as i have no clear role
    
-   It's possible that if we make it clear to Jessica S what we need from her that she could be this person
    

-   I would rather not be this person as I’ve done it for years for NYC - I’d rather take on board responsibilities :) Happy to explain to someone else. 
    
-   Lisa will write up responsibilities & post in board leadership first.
    
-   We will post them in slack & @ jessica S to see if she wants to take it on
    

-   Event Co-ordinator!
    

-   [Mimi] What are our next steps for the goals we announced in the board transition message?
    

-   Complete financial and legal transition to the new board.
    

-   Zoe is super blocked on the financial transition
    

-   Plan and execute new policies for transparency.
    
-   Support chapter organizers with virtual event planning.
    

-   [Mimi] What’s our general plan for gather.town and paying Kate Pond when she needs to increase the number of attendees allowed?
    

### Decisions

-   Re: transparent board meetings
    

-   Maybe start with closed meeting and publish notes in Slack
    
-   Every month have a town hall where WSC attendees can ask questions about the notes and decisions the board made
    

-   To think about: start a blog to document our meetings, decisions, values, etc
    

-   Have a rotating writer so people can get a feel for each board member’s personality and to share responsibility
    

-   To discuss more: a Write/Speak/Code magazine for articles that are written/created from WSC events
    
-   To think about: a call out for people who want to be mentors and//or be mentees
    
-     
    

### Next Steps

-   Lisa will draft responsibilities for Event Coordinator and post in Board channel for review and then post in in Chapter Organizers and Meetup Event Planning channels
    
-   Once Kara has settled after her move, Zoe will reach out about the 2fa for all financial accounts
    
-   Nicole will check if she’s an admin and might be able to unblock Zoe to access more financial accts