**

# W/S/C Leadership Board Meetings

## Meeting 9/7/21

### Attendees

-   In attendance: 
    
-   Not in attendance: 
    

### Moderator & Notetaker

-   Moderator: Nicole
    
-   Notetaker: Jiaqi
    
-   Next meeting moderator: [ need a volunteer ]
    
-   Next meeting notetaker:  [ need a volunteer ]
    

### Initiatives still in progress

-   Kara is leading updates to the WSC website
    

-   On hold until we find an engineer to make updates
    

-   Red is leading the organization of the WSC Townhall
    
-   Zoe is setting up Obsidian for us to test
    
-   Lisa is leading effort to find a “lead organizer” for monthly events
    
-   Nicole: Put a callout to our community to see if anybody can help with the website, including folks who already have experience with our website. Just volunteer for now.
    

-   Tier - try community first for a volunteer, then paid, then external folks
    

-   All: Add questions to the volunteer [doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EHyv_cfpWOCGjMaSjNqOWSNqRoDZirWaKNM-K8sYq3s/edit?usp=sharing) & the answers so we are prepped to answer them if someone asks
    

### Agenda

#### Check In: (5 mins -- end at 5:05/7:05/8:05pm)

-     
    

#### Review last meeting’s todos & discuss new items: (25 mins -- end at 5:30/7:30/8:30pm)

Prioritized items that are carried over from last meeting

1.  Discussion: What do we need to do to get our house in order? What are our weaknesses as an organization?
    

1.  Anti-goal: volunteers burn out
    

1.  Support volunteers
    
2.  Understand structure
    
3.  Pair folks up so people can take a break or reach out to someone
    
4.  No-one should feel like they are on a critical path, roles are shared
    
5.    
    

  
  

Unprioritized items

-   Mentor & mentee program
    

## New Items

-     
    

### To Do

-     
    

## 

---



**