# Meeting 4/6/21

### Attendees

Kara, Nicole, Zoe, Mimi, Red, and Lisa

### Agenda

#### Check In: (10 mins -- end at 5:10/7:10/8:10pm)

-   How’s everyone doing? Any personal updates? <3
-   
#### Review Last Week’s ToDos: (20 mins -- end at 5:30/7:30/8:30pm)

-   Have some clarity around how we want to [communicate the transition](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Jip33Czn2sb-XkkI5zasDokU51QCf9gAvL2LBJunqIw/edit?usp=sharing) to our chapter organizers and at least updating them about what we’re doing. By end of the week (Monday 3/15) ❗️
    

-   Will discuss with Marie about timeline. See notes under Decisions section.
    

-   Get final edits from all board members for:
    

-   Board Values
    

-   [https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_lOuTeFI=/](https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_lOuTeFI=/)
    
-   Red will send out Doodle for a 15 min meeting to finalize the values
    

-   Announcements of Transition
    

-   Old board wants to wait until after legal transition is complete.
    

-   Publish transition communication for organizers
    

-   Kara will ping Marie about old board contribution to confirm the message doesn't need input
    

-   Communication channel setup (Google Suite, Slack, Zoom, etc)
    

-   Kara has created emails for everyone
    

-   Need someone (not on the board) engaging people with events running
    

-   Jessica Simon is moving on this :tada:
    

-   Who can answer sponsors@ & tell medidata how to give us money? Also VTS would like to give us money & has sent me a link to tell them about our accounts but I do not know how to answer
    

-   Waiting to talk to Marie -- tomorrow during lawyer meeting.
    

-   :check: Lawyer meets with officers tomorrow at 8am PST/10am Central/11am Eastern
    

#### For next meeting:

-   Discuss and assign responsibilities to board members. For example, a communications officer type of role.
    
-   Plan & publish communication for remaining channels
    
-     
    

### Decisions

-   Ask Marie to create a message for chapter organizers so they’ll know we’re in transition, but not shutting down. This doesn’t have to be a formal announcement. More to have transparency with the chapter organizers.
    

### Next Steps

-   Mimi will draft a short 2-3 sentence message and put it in the Annoucements of Transition and let the Slack channel know and then we’ll discuss with Marie tomorrow during lawyer meeting.
    
-   Red will send out a Doodle for a 15 minute meeting to finalize the Board Values.
    
-   Officers will ask Marie these questions tomorrow during lawyer meeting:
    

-   Can we compromise on messaging and send a short message to chapter organizers saying the transition is still happening and thanks them for their patience?
    
-   Can we assign someone to start responding to sponsor@ inbox? What’s the best path for a sponsor to give WSC money right now?
    

-     
    
